hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're gonna
be summarizing all of the Star Wars
movies that have been released leading
up to episode 9 I will release this
video in two separate formats one in
order of the year that the films were
released and the other in order of the
chronological in universe timeline so
let's get started the film opens with an
organization known as the Trade
Federation imposing a blockade on a
planet known as Naboo due to taxation on
trade routes the Galactic Republic the
government of most of the central
planets in the galaxy
dispatches two Jedi Knights Master
qui-gon jinn and his apprentice obi-wan
Kenobi to investigate the matter
the short explanation of who the Jedi's
are is they are warriors that use
weapons called lightsabers and have
special powers which they harness
through something called the force the
Jedi's are viewed as the good guys
throughout the films the Trade
Federation is working under the
direction of Darth Sidious a Sith Lord
the cysts are kind of the evil opposite
of the Jedi more of the dark side of the
force the Jedi arrived to negotiate with
Viceroy Gunray the leader of the
Federation however the Viceroy is
ordered to kill the Jedi and invade the
planet of Naboo with a droid army the
Jedi escape hiding aboard one of the
Droid landing ships and arrive on the
planet Naboo
the Jedi meet the Gungan Jar Jar Binks
who takes them to the secret underwater
Gungan city the leader of the Gungans is
unwilling to help this surface
civilization of Naboo from the droid
invasion but does give the Jedi
transport to the Naboo capital city the
Jedi even rescue Queen Amidala the
Democratic leader of the Naboo people an
escaped Naboo though their ship is
severely damaged the damaged ship lands
on the desert planet of Tatooine in
order to repair its hyperdrive qui-gon
Jar Jar a droid named r2d2 in Queen
Amidala was handmaiden Padme
I'll go to the city of Moss ESPA to find
the parts that are needed they find a
shop owned by an alien named Watteau
and his slave an annual boy named Anakin
Skywalker Anakin is a skilled engineer
having built a robot assisted droid
named c-3po Anakin is also a talented
podracer a type of dangerous high-speed
racing qui-gon can tell that Anakin has
an extremely strong tie to the force and
appears to be the chosen one that the
Jedi prophecy foretells of the one that
should bring balance to the force
Ivan tries to use his money that they
have in order to buy their parts but
Watto is not interested in their foreign
currency through a series of events
qui-gon make us a bet with water with
that if Anakin wins the next big pod
race that they will get all the parts of
the need and Anakin will also be freed
qui-gon also tries to barter for
Anakin's mother Shmi but is unsuccessful
Anakin wins the race and they get the
hyperdrive they need Anakin is freed and
Anakin vows to become a Jedi one day and
will find a way to free his mother with
her ship repaired they traveled to the
Galactic Republic capital of Khorasan so
Queen Amidala can plead for aid for
Naboo before the Galactic Senate under
the recommendation of Naboo Senator
Palpatine Queen Amidala issues a vote of
no-confidence for the current chancellor
the leader of the Galactic Republic
while she is doing this qui-gon takes
Anakin before the Jedi Council to
request that he be trained as a Jedi the
council feels that he is too concerned
with his emotions and he has potential
to be swayed to the dark side of the
force
qui-gon vows however to train Anakin
himself Queen Amidala is frustrated with
the corruption in the Senate and cannot
wait for the vote of no-confidence to go
through so she returns back to the
planet of Naboo with a Jedi on Naboo the
animated Padme reveals that she is
actually Queen Amidala and the actual
Queen has actually been involved in film
much more than the audience had
initially thought they enlist the aid of
the Gungans who now want to aid in
defeating in the droid army it's a three
part attack with the Gungans attacking
the droids on land the Naboo army
attacking the Federation control ships
and
space and the jedis and Padme capturing
the Viceroy
Anakin ends up getting into a
Starfighter and destroys one of the
Droid control ship while qui-gon and
obi-wan battle against Darth Maul Darth
Sidious Sith apprentice Darth Maul ends
up killing qui-gon and obi-wan kills
Darth Maul obi-wan now pledges to train
Anakin and the ways of the Jedi Viceroy
Gunray is captured Senator Palpatine is
elected to the Supreme Chancellor and a
large celebration happens on Naboo now
that they are free from the Trade
Federation which ends the film the film
takes place 10 years after episode 1
with the Galactic Republic facing a new
group known as the separatist movement
led by the Sith Lord Count Dooku senator
Padme goes to Khorasan to vote for a
plan to create an army to assist the
Jedi against the separatist movement
after avoiding an assassination attempt
Padme is put under the protection of
obi-wan Kenobi and his apprentice Anakin
Skywalker a second assassination attempt
occurs obi-wan and Anakin capture the
would-be assassin however she is
assassinated by another bounty hunter
with a toxic Dart
Obi one takes the poisonous dart to be
analyzed and identified to capture the
other bounty hunter while Anakin escorts
pad me back to Naboo where the two of
them fall in love which is forbidden by
the Jedi way Obi Wan's investigation
takes him to the planet of Kamino where
he discovers that a clone army is being
produced for the Galactic Republic
however it is unclear who commissioned
or approved of their production as it
was never voted on Obi Wan finds the
Bounty Hunter Jango Fett who was used
for the original for the Cologne army
and is also the same bounty hunter who
took out the assassin that attempted to
kill Padme Jango kept one of the clones
for himself named him boba which he
wants to raise as his own son obi-wan
follows Jango and Bobo to the desert
planet of Genesis meanwhile Anakin has
visions of his mother Shmi being in pain
and travels with Padme to his home world
to save her when he arrives
Anakin meets his mother's new husband
Clegg Lars as well as his stepbrother
Owen Lars Anakin's new step family and
forms him that his mother Shmi has been
kidnapped by Tusken Raiders a few weeks
earlier
Anakin travels into the wilderness finds
the Tuscan campsite finds his tortured
and injured mother who eventually dies
from her wounds anakin becomes enraged
and kills all the Tusken Raiders at the
camp including their children Anakin
then returns to his step family with his
mother's body and admits to Padme what
he did and says they will find a way to
learn how to prevent death back on
Geonosis obi-wan discovers the
separatists and Count Dooku are behind
the assassination attempts on Padme and
are now creating a massive battle droid
army with the Viceroy Gunray the leader
of the Trade Federation from the first
film obi-wan has his findings related to
the Jedi Council and is captured by the
separatists Supreme Chancellor Palpatine
of the Galactic Empire is voted
emergency powers which allows him to use
the Clone Army to send them into battle
against the separatists Anakin and Padme
travel to the Genesis to rescue obi-wan
but are also captured obi-wan Anakin and
Padme are all sentenced to death in a
gladiator or Colosseum fashion they are
rescued however by the Jedi Council and
the Clone Army and a battle breaks out
between the clones and the droids Anakin
and obi-wan engage Count Dooku in a
fight where obi-wan is injured and
Anakin loses his right arm Jedi Master
Yoda one of the oldest members of the
Jedi Council battles Dooku but Dooku
escapes - who flees to Khorasan where he
delivers the plans for a super weapon to
his SIF master dothe Sidious Darth
Sidious the same Sith Lord from the
first film confirms that everything is
going according to plan the Jedi
announced that this is the beginning of
the Clone Wars and that they will be
battling the separatists for a long time
to come Anakin gets a robotic arm and
secretly marries Padme on Naboo ending
the film
the film opens with the Galactic
Republic and the separatists still at
war with obi-wan and Anakin fighting in
a space battle above the planet of
Khorasan in a mission to rescue the
kidnapped Supreme Chancellor Palpatine
Palpatine is being held by the
separatist commander General Grievous
the Jedi battle the Sith Count Dooku and
the fight ends with Anakin killing Dooku
upon Palpatine's command General
Grievous flees the nearly destroyed ship
which the Jedi crash-land on Khorasan
Anakin is then reunited with his wife
Padme who reveals she is pregnant
Anakin begins to have premonitions about
her dying in childbirth which begins to
consume him
Palpatine appoints Anakin to be on the
Jedi Council which is not a normal thing
to do because Palpatine wants Anakin to
represent him on the council the council
is not happy about this and the council
urges Anakin to monitor Palpatine as
they feel something is not right about
him Anakin starts to become unsure about
the Jedi's faith and as further pushed
as Palpatine tells Anakin about the
powers of the dark side even in
preventing death eventually Palpatine
reveals himself as the Sith Lord Darth
Sidious showing that he has been
orchestrating the events of the past
films and actually directing both sides
of the war being Supreme Chancellor
Palpatine the head of the Galactic
Republic on one side as well as Darth
Sidious the secret head of the
separatists on the other side Anakin
reports us to the Jedi Council and Mace
Windu when the most powerful Jedi begins
to battle Palpatine Palpatine's Force
Lightning is backfired upon himself and
he becomes horribly disfigured and is
just about to be defeated by mace Windu
Palpatine though convinces Anakin that
he knows a secret way to save Padme from
dying in childbirth and Anakin kills
mace Windu Anakin pledges himself to
Palpatine and Palpatine dubs Anakin now
as Darth Vader Palpatine issues order 66
to the clone troopers a secret order to
kill all the Jedi and sends Anakin now
Darth Vader to the Jedi Temple to kill
all of the Jedi there including very
young children Jedi's obi-wan and Yoda
survived the attack however but all
other Jedi's are killed Vader is sent
now
to kill the remaining leaders of the
separatists union on the volcanic planet
of mustafar while Palpatine announces to
the Senate that the government will now
be reformed into the Galactic Empire
declaring himself Emperor Yoda and
obi-wan discover what Anakin did at the
Jedi Temple and are horrified and tell
Padme what Anakin did Padme leaves for
Mustafar to confront Anakin and obi-wan
hides aboard the craft Padme arrives to
me Anakin and obi-wan reveals himself
anakin believes that Padme has betrayed
him so he begins to force choke her
obi-wan Anakin fight and Anakin is
severely maimed and defeated Anakin
becomes significantly burned by a
volcanic River and obi-wan leaves with
padm padm gives birth to two twins
Luke and Leia and dies shortly after
obi-wan and Yoda decide to hide the
twins from the Empire separating them
senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and
takes her to the planet of Alderaan they
send Luke to live with his step-uncle
Owen Lars back on the planet of Tatooine
that we saw in the second film where
obi-wan will watch over Luke Palpatine
recovers Anakin and his body's repaired
with a cybernetic suit
Palpatine informs Vader of padme's death
which he is devastated by as the film
concludes we see the Empire is
overseeing the construction of the super
weapon discussed in the second film the
Death Star hello and welcome to another
episode of movie spoiler alerts today
we're talking about the 2018 film solo a
Star Wars story so let's get started the
film opens with young Han Solo and his
love interest Kira escaping a local gang
they bribe an imperial officer with some
stolen Co axiom a powerful hyperspace
fuel to get off the planet but Kira is
captured han vows to return for her and
joins the Imperial Navy when asked what
his last name is he responds that he has
no family so he has given the last name
of solo three years later
solo encounters a group of criminals
posing as Imperial soldiers led by
Tobias Beckett han tries to join them
but ends up getting arrested
desertion and thrown into a pit to be
fed to a Wookiee named Chewbacca Han who
can understand Chewbacca works with the
Wookiee to escape
Beckett rescues the pair wanting to use
them to help steal a shipment of Co
axiom the heist is interrupted by a
group of pirates called the cloud riders
led by an fists nest which causes two
members of Beckett's crew to die
including his wife and the co axiom is
destroyed
Beckett reveals he was ordered to steal
the shipment for dried and Voss a member
of the crimson dawn syndicate and they
still owe on that debt the gang travels
to Voss's ship where han finds Kira who
now is Voss's right-hand woman han
suggests they steal the unrefined Co
axiom from the mines on Kessel Kira
joins the gang and leads them to Lando
Calrissian a smuggler who she hopes will
lend them his ship the Millennium Falcon
han challenges Lando to a game and the
winner takes land of ship Lando cheats
and wins but agrees to join in the
mission in exchange for some of the
profits at the mines
Lando's droid copilot l3 starts revolt
from all the droids that work in the
mine Chewbacca is able to free a group
of wookies that are forced to work in
the mines they are able to steal the co
axiom but Lando is wounded and l3 is
fatally damaged l3 is wired into the
ship and Han is able to navigate through
the Kessel run in 12 parsecs to avoid
the Imperial blockade the Falcon arrives
at the planet Sara Veen to process the
unrefined Co axiom and fists in the
cloud riders arrived in Lando flees in
the Falcon and Fiss explains that she
and her crew are not pirates but rebels
fighting against the Empire han tries to
trick Foss in order to help the rebels
but Voss reveals that Beckett told him
everything
a Voss sends his guards to kill the
cloud riders but the guards are defeated
and Voss is defenseless han tries to
take the KO axiom but Beckett betrays
Voss and takes the KO axiom with
Chewbacca as a hostage Kyra kills Voss
and then sends Han after Beckett instead
of joining Han Kyra takes the
opportunity to contact the leader of the
crimson dawn Darth Maul and
bosses position she blames the failure
on Beckett and does not mention Hahn in
order to protect him Maul says that he
wants to meet with Kiera
Hahn confronts Beckett and shoots him
first Kira leaves with Voss's ship and
Hahn turns the co axiom over to the
rebels who offer to have Hahn joined
them which he declines han and chewbacca
locate Lando and challenged him to a
rematch again wagering the Falcon Hahn
wins this time also by cheating and han
and chewie both leave for tatoo II to
begin working for Jabba the Hutt as the
film ends research scientists gallon or
so and his family are hiding on the
planet lamu Imperial weapons developer
Orson cranek arrives to press him into
completing the Death Star a space
station based super weapon capable of
destroying planets Galan's wife Lyra is
killed but her daughter Jenna escapes
and it's taken safely by rebel
extremists augur era 15 years later
cargo pilot Bodie rook defects from the
Empire taking a holographic message
recorded by Galan to Guerrera on the
desert moon jetta rebel intelligence
officer casseon and/or fries jinn from
the Imperial labour camp before bringing
her to the rebel leader of Mon Mothma
who convinces her to find and rescue
Galen so that the Alliance can learn
more about the deaths are however
casseon is covertly ordered to kill
Galen rather than extract him Jin
casseon and a reprogram droid k2 so2
Jetta where the Empire's removing Kyber
crystals to power the Death Star and
Guerrera and his group are fighting back
with the aid of turret Emily and Bay's
Melba's Jin makes contact with Guerrera
who has been holding rook captive
Guerrera shows her the message in which
Galan reveals that he has built an
intentional vulnerability in the Death
Star and directs them to retrieve the
schematics from an imperial data bank on
the planets careth on the Death Star
chronic orders a low-powered test shot
which destroys Jettas capital jin and
her group take rook and flee but
guerrero remains
to die with the city grand moff tarkin
congratulate scren ik but uses rooks
defection and security week as a pretext
to take control of the project rook
leads the group to Galen's imperial
research facility on the planet Yahoo
where Cassie and chooses to not kill
Galen Rowell bombers attack the facility
and Galen dies in his daughter's arms
before she escapes with the group cranek
is summoned by Darth Vader to answer for
the attack on Yahoo chronic seeks
Vader's support for an audience with the
Emperor
but Vader and said orders him to ensure
that no further breaches occur jin
proposes a plan to steal the Death Star
schematics using the rebel fleet but
fails to get approval from the Alliance
Council who feel victory against the
Empire is now impossible frustrated with
their inaction Jin's group lead a small
squad of rebel volunteers to raid the
data banks themselves arriving at scare
F on the stolen Imperial ship dubbed
rogue one Jin and cassia and to the base
with k2s oh while the other rebels
attack the resident Imperial garrison as
a distraction the rebel fleet learns
about the raid from an intercepted
communication and they deploy support
k2s o sacrifices himself so jin and
kassian can retrieve the data turret is
killed after activating the master
switch to allow communications with the
rebel fleet and mal bus dies shortly
afterwards rook is also killed by a
grenade after informing the rebel fleet
that it must deactivate the shield
surrounding the planet in order to allow
the transmission of the schematic
ginning casseon obtained the schematics
but they are ambushed by cranek who is
eventually shot by Kassadin Jin
transmits the schematics to the rebel
command ship
however the Death Star enters the orbit
above Scarah where Tarkin uses another
low powered shot to destroy the
compromised base kilink Renick casseon
and jin the rebel fleet prepares for
jump into hyperspace but many of the
fleet ships are intercepted by Vader's
flagship Vader boards the rebel command
ship and attempts to regain the
schematics killing many but a small
starship escapes with the schematics on
board aboard the fleeing ship Princess
Leia declares that the
schematics will provide hope the
rebellion leading directly into Episode
four a new hope the film takes place 20
years after the events of episode 3 with
a Galactic Empire ruling most of the
galaxy the Rebel Alliance is at civil
war with the Empire having stolen plans
for the Empire's super weapon and Space
Station the Death Star Princess Leia one
of the leaders of the rebels has the
plans with her when her ship is boarded
by Imperial forces led by Darth Vader
Leia is able to hide the plans in the
Droid r2d2 and sends r2d2 and c3po to
the desert planet of Tatooine to meet
with obi-wan Kenobi Leia is then
captured by Vader and taken into his
custody the droids are captured by jalwa
traders who sell the droids to Owen Lars
and his nephew Luke Skywalker Luke
inadvertently triggers a recording from
Princess Leia pleading for the help of
obi-wan Kenobi Luke wonders that the
recording is referring to Ben Kenobi a
hermit who lives nearby
the next morning Luke discovers that
r2d2 and c3po have left and search for
obi-wan we're all three meet up with Ben
Kenobi Ben reveals that he is actually
Obi one and Obi one tells Luke of his
days of being a Jedi explaining what the
Jedi are and the powers that they have
through the force obi-wan tells Luke
that he actually used to fight alongside
his father Anakin Skywalker before he
was betrayed and murdered by Darth Vader
a former pupil of Obi Wan who turned to
the dark side if you watched my previous
summaries you might realize that this
isn't exactly the truth Obi one gives
Luke his father's lightsaber as well
they view a Leia's message begging
obi-wan to take the Death Star plans to
Alderaan and give them to her father for
analysis obi-wan invites Luke to join
him and become a student of the force at
first
Luke is unsure but he discovers that
stormtroopers soldiers of the Empire
have killed his aunt and uncle in search
of the droids that they had purchased
Luke and the droids go with obi-wan and
they traveled to moss eisely to hire a
pilot they find a smuggler han Solo and
his first mate Chewbacca a Wookiee and
they hire them as transport to Alderaan
and aboard their ship of
millennium falcon in an effort to get
information at a princess lay about the
rebels and the plans that they had
stolen they threaten Lea's home planet
of alderaan late is not given however
and they use the true power of the Death
Star which has the ability to destroy
entire planets by blowing up Alderaan
so when the Millennium Falcon arrives
where Alderaan should be
there's nothing but debris the Death
Star uses their tractor beam in order to
pull in the Millennium Falcon once
aboard obi-wan is able to disable the
tractor beam so that they're able to
escape and Luke and Han go and rescue
Leia they all make their way back to the
Millennium Falcon where they encounter
Darth Vader Vader and obi-wan fight and
obi-wan is struck down the Millennium
Falcon escapes but little do they know
the Empire installed a tracking device
the Falcon travels to Gavin for to the
rebels hidden base in order to analyze
the Death Star's plans they determined
that the exhaust port that connects to
the main reactor to be the Death Star's
weak point the Empire has identified
Gavin four as the rebels base and they
moved the Death Star into position to
destroy the planet
Luke joins the rebel assault group but
Han decides to take his payment for
transport and leave the rebels try to
attack the Death Star trying to destroy
before it's able to destroy the rebels
home planet the rub will suffer heavy
losses and Darth Vader joins into the
space battle with Luke's x-wing right in
his sights
the Death Star is nearly prepared to
destroy Yavin 4 and Vader is hot on
Luke's tail and all hope seems to be
lost but at the last moment han returns
and fires on Luke's attackers sending
vader spiraling out of control Luke uses
some spiritual guidance from Obi one
telling him to use the force to guide
his shot and Luke is successful
destroying the Death Star and the rebels
have won the film concludes in a very
similar way to Episode one with a large
celebration for the rebels victory the
film takes place three years following
the destruction of the Death Star the
rebels have moved their base to the ice
planet of Hoth the Empire dispatches
probe droids all throughout the galaxy
hunting for the rebels new base and one
does actually land on ha
Luke believing that the probe is a
meteor goes to investigate and is
captured by a creature called a Wamba he
is able to escape but the bitter cold
ends up putting him in a state of
hypothermia Luke has a vision of obi-wan
telling him of the system of Dagobah and
to go there to train with Jedi Master
Yoda Luke is found in the tundra by Han
Solo who takes him back to the rebel
base to recover han and Chewbacca later
discovered that the meteor was actually
a probe droid which had alerted the
Imperial fleet at the rebels location
the Empire launches a massive attack
using gigantic 8080 Walker's in order to
capture the rebel base the rebels are
overwhelmed and must flee han Chewbacca
Leia and c3po all leave in the
Millennium Falcon but their hyperdrive
fails so they have to hide in an
asteroid field bounty hunters are sent
out by Darth Vader including Boba Fett
in order to track down the Millennium
Falcon they're able to avoid the bounty
hunters and the Imperial fleet and
traveled to Cloud City a floating city
on the planet of Bespin where Hans old
friend Lando Calrissian lives and runs
the Millennium Falcon however has been
tracked and the Empire has taken over
Cloud City before the Falcon has even
arrived Lando leads the group into a
trap and they are captured by Darth
Vader Vader plans to use the group to
lure out Luke in order to present Luke
to Vader's master the Emperor Vader also
freezes Han Solo in carbonite and Boba
Fett takes the frozen Han to claim the
bounty placed by Jabba the Hutt Leia is
also placed under the custody of the
Empire meanwhile Luke and r2d2 travel to
the planet of Dagobah
raluca meets Yoda at first Luke believes
Yoda to be a crazy old hermit but Luke
follows through with Yoda's training
learning more about the force and the
ways of the Jedi while Luke is training
he has visions of han and Leia being in
danger and leaves Yoda's training to
help them even though Yoda warns that he
is not ready to face Vader Luke arrives
at Cloud City and falls right into
Vader's trap Luke and Vader begin to
battle and they're led into a large air
shaft
Vader proves himself to be more skilled
than Luke invaders severs Luke's
causing him to lose both his hand and
his father's lightsaber Vader offers to
Luke to come join the dark side on the
Empire which Luke refuses as believing
Vader had killed his father this is when
Vader reveals to Luke that he did not
kill his father that Vader in fact is
actually Luke's father unwilling to
believe this Luke throws himself down
the air shaft while this is all going on
Lando who is forced to help the Empire
has broken Leia and the others free they
tried to stop over Fett from leaving
with the frozen han Solo but they are
unsuccessful Lando and the others take
the Millennium Falcon planning to escape
the planet Leia however has her own
premonition of Luke being in trouble and
they find him at the bottom of the air
shaft they rescue Luke and flee the
planet as the film concludes we see Luke
has been fitted with a robotic hand
while Lando and Chewbacca leave to go
after the frozen han Solo flying off in
the Millennium Falcon the film opens
with Luke Skywalker trying to rescue the
frozen han Solo from the crime lord
Jabba the Hutt along with the help of
Chewbacca Princess Leia
r2d2 c-3po and Lando Calrissian Leia
infiltrates the palace disguised as a
bounty hunter presenting Chewbacca to
claimed the bounty on his head
Lee is able to unfought on what Leia is
discovered and enslaved
donning the famous slave outfit Luke
arrives to try to barter for solo but
falls into a trap and battles a large
beast known as a rancor which he is able
to kill Han Solo is sentenced to death
by being thrown into a pit with a large
monster known as a Sarlacc Luke is able
to free himself and the others and a big
battle breaks out aboard the ship Leia
is able to strangle Jabba and kill him
Boba Fett the Bounty Hunter who
initially delivered solo to Jabba is
thrown into the Sarlacc pit they all
escaped and returned back to the Rebel
Alliance Luke returns to the swamp
planet of Dagobah to find Yoda is dying
before he dies
Yoda confirms that Darth Vader is really
Anakin Skywalker Luke's father and also
tells Luke of another Skywalker
the spirit of obi-wan confirms that Leia
is really Luke's twin sister and tells
Luke that he must fight Darth Vader to
defeat the Empire the rebels have
discovered that the Empire has been
constructing a new Death Star with
Emperor Palpatine supervising the
construction himself the incomplete
station is being protected by an energy
shield that is being generated by the
forest moon of Endor if the rebels are
able to destroy the shield generator
this will leave the new Death Star
vulnerable and they can destroy it
before it's completed so the rebels land
on Endor in order to attack the shield
generator through a series of events the
rebels befriend the moon's native
population a tribe of small furry aliens
known as a walks Luke reveals to Leia
that he is her brother and that Vader is
their father and Luke tells her that he
must confront Vader Luke surrenders
himself to the Empire where Vader once
again tries to sway Luke to the dark
side Vader brings Luke before the
Emperor aboard the Death Star in an
attempt to convince him to join the dark
side the emperor reveals that the Death
Star is actually fully operational and
that everything has been a trap for the
rebel fleet planning on using the Death
Star to destroy the rebel fleet so when
the rebel fleet arrives they find that
the shield generator is still up and
they begin to take massive casualties as
the Death Star attacks Luke and Vader
battle with the Emperor encouraging Luke
to get more and more angry trying to
push him into the ways the dark side
Vader senses that Luke has a sister
which who is previously unaware of and
Vader says that he might possibly try to
sway her to the dark side
this enrages Luke and Luke severs
Vader's own robotic hand much like Vader
severed Luke's hand in the previous film
the Emperor further eggs on Luke telling
him to kill Vader and take his place
Luke refuses declaring himself a Jedi
like his father had once been the
Emperor becomes furious with this and
begins to torture Luke using Force
Lightning to nearly kill him
Vader then kills the Emperor but Vader
becomes mortally wounded in the process
Luke removes his father's mask and Vader
dies in his arms
back on Endor the rebels and the Ewoks
eventually are able to successfully
destroy the shield generator
the rebels led by Lando are able to
attack the now expose Death Star Luke is
able to escape the Death Star as it is
falling apart and brings his father's
body with him back on the planet of
Endor Luke cremates Vader's body Leia
and Han kiss and the rebels celebrate
the victory over the Empire the film
ends with the spirits of obi-wan Yoda
and the redeemed Anakin Skywalker
watching over the festivities set 30
years after the Return of the Jedi we
see a new regime in the first order that
has replaced the Empire and that wants
to eliminate the New Republic the
resistance which is supported by the New
Republic and led by general Leia Organa
opposes the first order they also
continue to search for Leia's brother
Luke Skywalker who hasn't been seen for
several years on the planet jakku
resistance pilot poe obtains a map of
luke's location poe gives the map that
whose droid bb-8 just before he is
captured by stormtroopers led by kylo
ren bb-8 escapes with the map and meets
a scavenger named ray kylo tortures poe
and learns of the maps location a
stormtrooper named Finn aboard the same
ship decides to defect breaks poe free
stealing a TIE fighter and crash-landing
it back on jakku finn survives though it
seems as though that poe did not make it
finn encounters rey and bb-8 but they
are attacked by the first order and the
three flee into an old junker ship which
turns out to be the Millennium Falcon
the ship of han Solo they encounter a
much larger ship which coincidentally is
being piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca
Han ship is boarded by some gang members
looking to collect their debts and Han
Chewbacca rey finn and bb-8 all escape
on the Falcon the gang informs the first
order that the bb-8 droid they're
looking for is aboard the Millennium
Falcon
the Falcon crew determines that bb-8
SMAP is incomplete and Han explains that
Luke was trying to rebuild the Jedi
Order but exiled himself after one of
his apprentices kylo Ren turned to the
dark side and destroyed the temple and
slaughter all the other apprentice
they travel to the planet takodana and
meet with a wise woman they mask who
offers to get the bb-8 to the resistance
rey is drawn to a vault in the lower
level and finds the lightsaber that once
belonged to both Luke and his father
Anakin Skywalker
she has disturbing visions and flees
into the woods Maz decides to give finn
the lightsaber for safekeeping we also
see the first-order Starkiller base a
planet converted into a super weapon
which is capable of destroying multiple
planets at once using energy drained
from stars which is commanded by general
Hux we also see kylo ren's master the
leader of the first order supreme leader
Snoke little is known about him however
Snoke questions kylos ability to deal
with his emotions especially related to
his father who was han Solo kylos true
name is Ben solo with his mother being
lay out the first order then leads an
attack on takodana once again to get the
map from bb-8 the Falcon crew are saved
by resistance fighters led by Poe who
actually did not die earlier in the
crash Leia arrives along with c-3po who
unites with Han Solo and Chewbacca Rey
however is captured by kylo and she is
brought to the Starkiller base he tries
to interrogate her using the force Barea
is able to resist him and Ray can
actually read his mind finding kylos and
security's rey also were later uses the
force to trigger guard in order to
escape at the resistance base
bb-8 finds r2d2 who has remained
inactive since Luke's disappearance the
Starkiller base prepares to fire on the
resistance base while the resistance
comes up with a plan to destroy the
super weapon Leia begs Han to return
with her son alive using the Falcon Han
Chewbacca and Finn infiltrate the
facility and find Rey and plant
explosives han confronts his son calling
him by his given name of Ben and begs
him to abandon the dark side kylo
however refuses and kills his father
Chewbacca shoots kylo and injures him
and says self explosives along the
resistance to destroy the Starkiller
base a lightsaber battle breaks out
between the injured kylo and finn but
finn is badly wounded
Rey takes up the lightsaber and is able
to defeat kylo but they are separated
when the super weapon planet begins to
fall apart
snow quarters Kyllo to return to him to
complete his training Rae Chewbacca and
Finn escape as the super weapon converts
into a new star due to the energy it
absorbed back at the resistance base
they celebrate their victory as well as
mourn the death of Han r2d2 awakens and
is able to reveal the rest of the map
allowing Rey to travel to okto an
oceanic planet there she finds Luke and
presents him with his lightsaber as the
film ends film picks up after Episode
seven with the destruction the
Starkiller base general Leia leads the
resistance fleet while the first-order
pursuits poe dameron leads a
counter-attack but a lot of lives are
lost and the resistance escapes in the
hyperspace however they find that the
first order is successfully able to
track them kylo Ren and other Thai
fighters attack lay his ship and Leia
nearly dies but uses the force to bring
herself back to safety Leia is left
incapacitating and vice-admiral halt
dough takes control of the fleet feeling
hold o strategy is too passive poe finn
bb-8 and a Kanak named rose embark on a
secret mission to disable the first
orders tracking device meanwhile rey
arrives on the planet octo with
Chewbacca and r2d2 aboard the Millennium
Falcon reuniting with Luke Skywalker
Skywalker has become disillusioned with
the Jedi way after his failed trainings
with kylo Ren he refuses to help ray of
first but eventually gives it while on
the island Rey has visions in where she
can communicate with kylo Ren through
her visions and talking to Luke it is
revealed that Luke nearly killed Kyle
Owen and sleep because of the darkness
that was growing with
but changed his mind only for kylo to
awaken and then destroy the Jedi Order
Raven convinced that kylo can be
redeemed and leaves without wit Yoda
appears to Luke telling him that raid
has all that she needs to learn and
encourages Luke to learn from his
failures Finn rose and bb-8 travel to
the canto byte casino and to meet up
with a hacker named DJ the four are able
to infiltrate snoke's ship but are
captured by Captain phasma at the same
time Raylan's aboard Snoke ship to
confront kylo she has brought before
snow who reveals that he is behind the
visions that Ray and kylo have been
having which allowed them to communicate
as a plan to destroy Luke kylo instead
turns and kills Snoke and Rey and kylo
defeat the guards raehwan's kylo to turn
to the light side but kylo invites raid
to rule the galaxy with them she refuses
and they end up splitting anakin
skywalker's lightsaber in half meanwhile
back with the ship's hull doe reveals
her plan is to discreetly evacuate the
remaining resistance members using small
transport ships poe believing that this
is a cowardly action leads a mutiny leia
wakes up who knocks poe out allowing the
evacuation to begin all those days
aboard the ship to mislead the first
order while the others escape the ship
to a small base on crate however the
hacker DJ betrays the group and reveals
the resistance plan to the first order
and they begin to attack the transport
ships hold o then sacrifices herself by
ramming the resistance ship into snoke's
ship at Lightspeed in the chaos Rey
escapes kylo declares himself the new
supreme leader
bb-8 freeze finn and rose and they all
together defeat phasma and escape to
Crais
the first order arrives on crate to wipe
out the few remaining resistance members
primarily using a large cannon in thai
fighters rey and Chewbacca draw the fire
from the TIE fighters while finn
attempts a suicide run against the
cannon but is stopped by rose as the
cannon destroys the one blast or
protecting the resistance
Luke Skywalker emerges from the
destroyed door and after having every
gun fired at Luke and he still stands a
lightsaber battle breaks out between him
and kylo Luke is struck but there is no
effect only for kylo to realize that he
has been fighting a force projection and
Luke is actually back on the planet
akuto this distraction gave the
resistance members enough time to escape
out a back passage and board the
Millennium Falcon
Luke exhausted from the massive amount
of force use becomes one with the force
and dies ray and Leia sends the death
and Leia tells the rebels that the
resistance has all they need to rise
again as the film concludes we see one
of the children at Kanto bite using the
force gazing into space possibly meaning
he is a future member of the resistance
so that was the spoilers for all the
Star Wars movies leading up to episode 9
if you have another film you'd like to
see a spoil please let us know in the
comments below check out movie spoiler
alerts on Instagram and remember to like
and subscribe thanks for watching